find-my-swift-version.md, before:

![Swift](readme-images/swift-logo.png)

Swift v5.7 | [Swift versions](find-my-swift-version.md) | [Swift.org](https://docs.swift.org).

Taken from the [official Swift documentation](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

🤩 *..let's live a better life, by learning Swift* 🛠

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️
-----------

# 🔎 Find My Version of Swift

Finding your current version of Swift is easy. Just follow the steps below:

1. Open the Terminal app on your macbook. (cmd + space. Then type 'Terminal. app' in the window that appears).
2. Type 'swift -version' and press enter.
3. The shell environment (that's the Terminal) will print the version you have installed. 

In the example below the Terminal console window printed, 'Apple Swift version 5.6.1'. In this case, the version of Swift would be v5.6.1. 👍

![Terminal](readme-images/swift-version.png)



## The End
Taken from **official Swift** documentation found [here ](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

- 🔍 We made the **official Swift documentation** [searchable](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories). 

- 🕊 All official documentation begins with `SWIFTDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SWIFTDOCS).

- 🕊 All simplified documentation begins with `SIMPLDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SIMPLDOCS).

- Try our free mini-course:
👉 [A Guided Tour of Swift](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/a-tour-of-swift) 

# 🤷🏼‍♂️



@[MatthewpHarding](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding) 🔗


🤩 *..let's live a better life, by learning Swift* 🛠

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️

Commit message:

Reworded the find-my-swift-version .md document with a clearer explanation and a better example image too

find-my-swift-version.md, after:

![Swift](readme-images/swift-logo.png)

Swift v5.7 | [Swift versions](find-my-swift-version.md) | [Swift.org](https://docs.swift.org).

Created by Matthew Harding
@[MatthewpHarding](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding) 🔗

🤩 *..let's live a better life, by learning Swift* 🛠

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️
-----------

# 🔎 Find My Version of Swift

Finding your current version of Swift is easy. Just follow the steps below:

**Step 1**: Open the Terminal app on your macbook. 
💡 **Tip**: Press `cmd + space` and type `Terminal.app` in the search bar that appears.

**Step 2**: Type `swift -version` into the Terminal window.

**Step 3**: Read the version printed.  

In the example below, **Apple Swift version 5.7** was printed. 👍

![Terminal](readme-images/swift-version.png)

## Our Services
We made the official Swift documentation searchable. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SWIFTDOCS+hello+world). Our aim is to optimise career growth for juniors learning iOS by teaching Swift via our online courses. We have taken the official Swift documentation and **simplified it** for fast learning. 😎

💡 **Top Tip**: During an iOS interview they'll ask questions about Swift, not iOS! To BOOST 🚀 your career forwards become an expert of the Swift language.

- 🔍 **Searchable Swift documentation**: [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SWIFTDOCS+hello+world).

- 🕊 **Xcode playgrounds**: Run and execute the official Swift documentation in Xcode! . [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/SWIFTDOCS-1-the-basics/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).

- 👉 **Online Courses**: [**Swift Simplified** *(for fast learning)* A Guided Tour of Swift](https://www.udemy.com/user/iosbfree) can be found on [Udemy.com](https://www.udemy.com/user/iosbfree). [Try it](https://www.udemy.com/user/iosbfree).

- *Preview* our Online Course Xcode playground [**Swift Simplified**: A Guided Tour of Swift](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/a-tour-of-swift) 

# 🧑🏼‍💻
Created by Matthew Harding
@[MatthewpHarding](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding) 🔗

🤩 *..let's live a better life, by learning Swift* 🛠

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️
