README.md, before:

![Swift](swift-logo.png)

Swift v5.7 | [different versions](find-my-swift-version.md) | [Swift.org](https://docs.swift.org) 

Taken from the [official Swift documentation](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

✔️ Editable Swift Xcode .playground files included.

```Swift
// 🚧👷👷👷🏿‍♀️🚧
// This page is under construction
// 🤔💭 Is it a page? Or is it a service? 😊
```
## The End
Taken from **official Swift** documentation found [here ](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

- 🔍 We made the **official Swift documentation** [searchable](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories). 

- 🕊 All official documentation begins with `SWIFTDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SWIFTDOCS).

- 🕊 All simplified documentation begins with `SIMPLDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SIMPLDOCS).

- Try our free mini-course:
👉 [A Guided Tour of Swift](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/a-tour-of-swift) 

# 🤷🏼‍♂️



@[MatthewpHarding](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding) 🔗


Teaching the `Swift` programming language.

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️

Commit message:

Updated the header with a more detailed replacement. We have also relocated each image within a sub folder

README.md, after:

![Swift](readme-images/swift-logo.png)

Swift v5.7 | [Swift versions](find-my-swift-version.md) | [Swift.org](https://docs.swift.org).

Taken from the [official Swift documentation](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

![Xcode Playground](readme-images/xcode-icon.png)
![Swift Playground Icon](readme-images/playground-file.png)

👉 You can [view this document in Xcode](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/SWIFTDOCS-1-the-basics/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) to run and edit each example.
## Run This File In Xcode

**Step 1:** Clone this repo or [Download the files](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/SWIFTDOCS-1-the-basics/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).

**Step 2:** In Xcode, ensure you have selected **Editor/Show Rendered Markup** to view the formatted instructions.

**Step 3:** You can edit the code within Xcode!  🎉

🤩 *..let's live a better life, by learning Swift* 🛠

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️
-----------
# *Page 26* → Memory Safety

```Swift
// 🚧👷👷👷🏿‍♀️🚧
// This page is under construction
// 🤔💭 Is it a page? Or is it a service? 😊
```
## The End
Taken from **official Swift** documentation found [here ](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/TheBasics.html).

- 🔍 We made the **official Swift documentation** [searchable](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories). 

- 🕊 All official documentation begins with `SWIFTDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SWIFTDOCS).

- 🕊 All simplified documentation begins with `SIMPLDOCS`. [Try it](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding?tab=repositories&q=SIMPLDOCS).

- Try our free mini-course:
👉 [A Guided Tour of Swift](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding/a-tour-of-swift) 

# 🤷🏼‍♂️



@[MatthewpHarding](https://github.com/MatthewpHarding) 🔗


Teaching the `Swift` programming language.

```Swift
let myLife = [learning, coding, happiness] 
```
### 🧕🏻👨🏿‍💼👩🏼‍💼👩🏻‍💻👨🏼‍💼🧛🏻‍♀️👩🏼‍💻💁🏽‍♂️🕵🏻‍♂️🧝🏼‍♀️🦹🏼‍♀🧕🏾🧟‍♂️
